Updated documentation in this repo (#212)
cennznet/api.js: docs/GET_STARTED.md

## FAQ
> What is the difference between @cennznet/types and @polkadot/types?

> We have custom types needed to interact with our specific modules such as CENNZxSpot, Generic Asset, Attestation and etc which you can only find in @cennznet/types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project has custom types needed to interact with CENNZnet specific modules such as CENNZX, Generic Asset, Attestation etc. see @cennznet/types.
There are also CENNZnet only RPC methods and extrinsic customizations provided by @cennznet/api
```
